[Update 6] Add GraphQL Interceptor Configuration BBE (#4337)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/graphql-interceptor-configurations/graphql_interceptor_configurations.md

> # GraphQL service - Interceptor configurations

Reviewer: This isn't the convention we use in other BBEs.

> # GraphQL service - Interceptor configurations

Reviewer 2: +1 to be consistent.

> A GraphQL interceptor can be configured to change the behavior of an interceptor. It can be configured via the `graphql:InterceptorConfig` annotation. The `graphql:InterceptorConfig` includes the field `global`, which accepts a boolean value. The `global` field defines the scope of the interceptor. If the `global` field is set to `true`, the interceptor will be applied to each field and subfield of the service. If the flag is set to `false`, the interceptor will be applied only to the fields of the type but not to the subfields of the type. By default, the `global` flag is set to true. Use `global: false` to apply interceptor functionality only to an entry point of the GraphQL service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GraphQL interceptor can be configured to change the behavior of an interceptor. It can be configured via the `graphql:InterceptorConfig` annotation. The `graphql:InterceptorConfig` includes the `global` field, which accepts a boolean value to define the scope of the interceptor.

- If the `global` field is set to `true`, the interceptor will be applied to each field and subfield of the service. 
- If the flag is set to `false`, the interceptor will be applied only to the fields of the service, but not to the subfields of the service. 

>**Info:** By default, the `global` flag is set to `true`. Use `global: false` to apply the interceptor functionality only to an entry point of the GraphQL service. The scope configuration is applied only to the GraphQL `service interceptors`.
```

> >**Note:** The scope configuration is applied only to the GraphQL `service interceptors`.

Reviewer: Why are we removing this?

> >**Note:** The scope configuration is applied only to the GraphQL `service interceptors`.

Reviewer 2: Because this sentence is merged with the info section in the above review suggestion. We don't need to have 2 info and note sections here if we can merge both as shown above.

> >**Note:** The scope configuration is applied only to the GraphQL `service interceptors`.

Reviewer: +1, added a small suggestion.
